amongst birds of prey it is a
king the Golden Eagle north
america's largest raptor this
bird is an incredible hunting
machine a seven-foot wingspan
laser sharp vision its eyes can
spot prey from over two miles
away and a killer 150 miles per
hour dive which means this jack
rabbit doesn't stand a chance
Jackrabbits our favorite prey of
golden eagles and a hopping pack
of protein the rabbit can run as
fast as 40 miles an hour but
that's no match for talents that
descend from above the big bird
has an incredible grip it can
squeeze over 750 pounds per
square inch
so most prey are killed
instantly in addition to
Jackrabbits the Golden Eagle
mainly praise on other small
mammals reptiles birds fish and
even large insects they're also
known to eat carrion these
Raptors are found all over the
northern hemisphere and can live
for almost 20 years in the wild
so if you're a jackrabbit you
might want to keep one eye and
ear on the sky